what would you do if you were trapped in
a house
with an unstable elderly couple in this
video
i will show you what went wrong and how
to beat the elderly couple
in the owners the movie begins with
three guys scoping out an elderly
couple's home
they plan to rob the home when the
elderly couple is out
this couple goes out at the same time
every friday which is very predictable
you should always change up your
lifestyle and never be so predictable
because it can prevent
robbers and thieves mary nathan's
girlfriend
found them and she says she's late for
work and needs the car back
once nathan sees the elderly couple as
left they pull up to their home ready
for looting
a few seconds later mary arrives nathan
wants her to keep a lookout which she
can go to jail for for years if they are
caught
if i were her i would leave and never
see any of them again
when they hop the fence terry hurts his
leg terry has scoped out this house so
much that he knows they keep their front
dorky under a plant
i don't know why people still do this
but it's a bad place to hide a key
the least you can do is keep it on you
so that if somebody finds it they can't
rob your house gas
is then seen trashing the whole place
and you can tell he only cares about the
money
which will lead to his death we see that
mary is actually waiting for them so if
they get caught she is punishable
terry is able to find the safe in a
simple spot
many homeowners will keep the safes in
simple spots because no one will look
there
but if it's an easy spot it will most
likely be a strong
safe none of them are experienced enough
to open up the safe
so they result to breaking it which
still doesn't work
they then decide to wait for the elderly
couple to return so they can get the
safe code from them
this was a terrible idea which will lead
them to get into more trouble
if i saw that the elderly couple was
watching a bunny playing on a piano i
would think twice about the couple's
sanity
mary is then persuaded to go into the
house with them she seems oblivious that
they are robbing the place
and now she is also trespassing they see
the couple arrive home
and put some see-through cloth over
their face which is like 90 percent
transparent
they could have easily found a shirt or
cloth to better
cover their face when the couple walks
through the door they take control and
restrain them mary is helping ellen
clean her cut from when she just fell
ellen starts to talk about how she likes
bees that sting
and now mary realizes ellen is unwell
while mary's cleaning her cut
ellen's husband dr huggins sees mary's
tattoo which says her full name
at this point she will be caught
eventually even if she escapes because
she did not remember to cover a tattoo
before helping ellen
nathan asked the couple about the safe
but they say they don't know what
they're talking about
this shows that the couple is hiding
something they don't want taken from
them
this is shown further when nathan slaps
dr huggins and he still refuses to give
them the combination
at this point they're all so far into
this that they won't be able to just
walk away
mary doesn't like that gaz is thinking
about torturing them for the combination
so she decides to run off and try to
call the police
right before she is able to contact them
gas breaks down the door and stops or
the elderly couple then mentions how
good
terry and nathan were and dr huggins
uses their real names
at this point all of them will be caught
eventually because now the couple knows
their faces
and names once gaz and mary return he
pulls a gun on nathan threatening to
shoot him if he does not cut off ellen's
finger
gaz then puts the gun to nathan's head
forcing him to cut off ellen's finger so
they can get the code from dr
huggins nathan draws blood and during
this whole
ordeal dr huggins still refuses to give
them the code to the safe
if the robbers were willing to torture
them they should have done it to dr
huggins because he
clearly cares more about the safe than
his wife nathan refuses to cut off
ellen's finger
so he cuts gaz's arm when gaz drops the
gun
someone should immediately have grabbed
it because gaz
obviously only cares about the money
then they get into a fight where
everyone in the room is just watching
while the gun is still on the ground
eventually gaz overpowers nathan and is
able to stab
him then dr huggins gives gaz the code
but it's not the right one
dr huggins was trying to stall gas
sweeping terry to help
but terry was too busy crying in the
corner of the room
when gaz realizes dr huggins was lying
he takes the duct tape and grabs a saw
right before gas tortures ellen the cord
is too small
and prevents that from happening gaz is
able to find a closer outlet and right
before he uses the saw
mary is able to escape and brutally
takes his sledgehammer to gas
head killing him understandably mary is
frightened by what she just did
mary decides to cut dr huggins loose and
tries to take
nathan to the hospital dr huggins then
picks up the gun
automatically putting him in charge of
the situation instead of taking nathan
to the hospital
they decide to have dr huggins help him
if you just robbed an elderly couple
i would doubt they would all of a sudden
help you survive
also they didn't notice that dr huggins
is way too calm throughout this terry
and mary leave the room and let dr
huggins help nathan by himself
if i were them i would not trust them
especially after robbing them
terry and mary should also grab a weapon
of some sort because dr huggins has a
gun
and i would make sure there is an exit i
could use when mary checks nathan's
pulse
she doesn't feel a heartbeat but dr
huggins assures her that he is breathing
he then calls an ambulance and seems
like he is having a conversation
but mary notices that the phone is
unusable and she knows they are not
going to get help
if this happens mayors should remain
calm and excited that help is arriving
and she should plan her escape
dr huggins offers her pills but mary
smartly
refuses mary sees that terry is like the
elderly couple's pet
and he would be no help in escaping but
he could be a distraction in helping
mary escape
the couple always seems to be busy
treating terry which is a perfect
opportunity for mary to find a way out
while at the table we see ellen suddenly
smash a bug with her bare hand
finally terry is suspecting that they
might be crazy
when mary's offered tea and a biscuit
she smartly refuses to have it
suspecting the elderly couple may have
laced it
dr huggins then shows them a scrapbook
of children that have passed away
mary has had enough of them so she grabs
a knife demanding that they let her go
but she is easily overpowered and then
locked in a closet when ellen and dr
huggins leave
terry goes to help her but suddenly he
can't move his legs because
ellen gave him an injection harry is
eventually able to persuade terry to let
her out
and she runs up the stairs terry makes
his way up the stairs and finally finds
mary
but she was planning on jumping out the
window leaving terry behind
before they can make their escape gas
bombs are thrown into the room and metal
sheets are put over the window
as they make their way down the stairs
the elderly couple in gas masks
start to whip mary with belts mary is
able to throw a plant vase at
ellen knocking her down this allows her
to steal her gas mask
ellen quickly injects mary with
something but before she can ask her
what it is
dr huggins shows up and takes off her
gas mask
a fight then ensues with punches and
kicks back and forth
but eventually mary is able to lock dr
huggins out and chop
off his finger dr huggins is able to
break the glass
and take mary's gas max so mary decides
to put a knife to ellen's neck
threatening to kill her if he doesn't
give her the keys
dr huggins gives mary the keys so she
can escape into the basement
along the way she is carrying terry with
her when she should have just left him
there because he is basically paralyzed
and only slowing her down
she is able to get terry into the car
and when she turns on the headlights
she sees the couple standing there when
she goes to put the car in drive
she's suddenly shot in the stomach we
see that terry has betrayed her
and shot her from the back of the car dr
haggins then opens up the safe and
reveals her girl in chains
the elderly couple has been holding on
to this girl for years
and planned to give her to terry later
we see terry's mom
that works for mr and mrs haggins say
that he hasn't heard from terry in a
while
but she doesn't know that the people she
works for have him trapped